Collecting and Using Your Personal Data and Location Data
Types of Data Collected
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of the Application, Company mayolle cct, with Your prior permission:

Information regarding your Live Location and Location Data;
Information from your Device's SIM Card (phone number);
Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library;
Location Data is collected from Your device only after your conscious consent with prominent disclosure in the app.

We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your Device.

Use of Your Personal Data and Location Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service: including to monitor the usage of our Service.

For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the contract for the Services You have availed or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted Services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

To provide You: with news, special offers and general information about other goods, Services, and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already availed or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

To track your live location and movement: Your Location Data is collected during operational hours to track route and to facilitate business requirement, Services, and operation.

For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those Affiliates to follow this Privacy Policy.
With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, Services, or promotions.
With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention and Handling of Your Personal Data and Location Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data and Location Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data and Location Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws of the Country), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data and Location Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data and Location Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Location Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data and Location Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data and Location Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data and Location Data if required to do so by the laws of the Country or in response to valid requests by government authorities (e.g. a court, regulatory body or a government agency).

Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data and Location Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data and Location Data
The security of Your Personal Data and Location Data is important to Us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data and Location Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18, we will take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and governing law of the land requires consent from a parent, we may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know if we make any changes to this Privacy Policy and update the "Release Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy accordingly.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.